the opera ghost really existed oh I know
what you're thinking that he was a mere
phantom conjured up by the imagination
of artists given flesh by rumour and
gossip and brought to life by
superstitious fantasy but you're wrong
he was real and this is his story it all
took place 30 years ago in the giddy
romantic days of the 1880s let us
journey back in time to that fateful
dressing room beneath the stage of the
Paris Opera House to that frightened
little ballet dancer and her silly ghost
stories for this is where our tale
begins and how do I know I was there my
friend I was there
angel of music I'm here
come to me approach the mirror my child
look into its depth and have you ever
seen this ghost no masseur but I have
heard him such a soft gentle voice she
says like a breath of wind through body
you wish to look upon being he's gone
vanished into thin air
I have heard quite enough of this
nonsense invisible ghosts disembodied
voices we're living in the 19th century
for heaven's sake
the monster is no friend of mine I lost
everything because of him who is he
Christina told me the name of my rival
and I'll send him to perdition where
such the face of death
you